excels commands a conveniently arranged in different taps in the Excel ribbon.
So we've got all of the common commands in the home tab.
Demands for uncertain non work feet,
information in the insert tab and so forth.
In order to develop user defined functions,
you will be used in a language called BB,
a visual basic for applications on all the commands relating to the B A could be found in
XL's developer Tab.
However,
when you first install Excel,
the develop its have is not visible,
so the first thing you'll need to do if you want to start writing user defined functions is
to make the Excel development have visible.
To do this,
go to the file menu and choose options.
The different category of options are displayed on the left,
and we want the customize ribbon category.
Then,
on the right,
you'll see all of the available riven tabs and you simply clicking the check box next to
developer to make it visible.
You'll then see you have an extra tab on the right of the ribbon called developer.
How many click?
You'll reveal the commands related to visual basic